.\" Manpage for AeroUp.
.\" Contact laurentba@larueluberlu.net.in to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 1 "December 2013" "0.8" "AeroUp man page"

.SH NAME
AeroUp 

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B aeroup 
[-t \fIserialPort] 
[-o \fIserialPort] 
[-c \fIred,\fIgreen\fR,\fIblue\fR,\fIserialPort\fR] 
[-G \fIserialPort\fR]
[-S \fIserialNumber\fR,\fIserialPort\fR]
[-i \fIgloFile\fR]
[-u \fIgloFile\fR,\fIserialPort\fR]
[-k \fIserialPort\fR]
[-U \fIglocFile\fR,\fIserialPort\fR]
[-P]
[-v]
[-h]


.SH DESCRIPTION
AeroUp is an open source command line tool to control Ultimate (programmable light sequencing juggling props) from Aerotech Projects.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-test\fR=\fIserialPort\fR
Send a test command on dev \fIserialPort\fR.

.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-start=\fIserialPort\fR
Send a start sequence command on dev \fIserialPort\fR.

.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-color\fR=\fIred\fR,\fIgreen\fR,\fIblue\fR,\fIserialPort\fR
.nf
Send a color command on dev \fIserialPort\fR.
Colors \fIred\fR, \fIgreen\fR, \fIblue\fR can be hexadecimal or decimal value in range of [0-255] 
hex value have to begin with 0x.
.fi

.TP
\fB\-G\fR, \fB\-\-getSerial=\fIserialPort\fR
get serial number on dev \fIserialPort\fR, and print it to standard output.


.TP
.nf
\fB\-S\fR, \fB\-\-setSerial\fR=\fIserialNumber\fR,\fIserialPort\fR
Set \fIserialNumber\fR on dev \fIserialPort\fR.
32 bits value can be writen in hexadecimal (0x#) or decimal (#).
.fi

.TP
\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-verify\fR=\fIgloFile\fR
Verify that syntax glo file is valid

.TP
\fB\-u\fR, \fB\-\-uploadGlo\fR=\fIgloFile\fR,\fIserialPort\fR
Verify that syntax glo file is valid and if this is the case upload it on dev \fIserialPort\fR


.TP
\fB\-k\fR \fB\-\-symlink=\fIserialPort\fR 
.nf
return the serial name used as symlink of kernel name by udev (work with linux only). see the improved management driver section below.
But you can also use this command to retrieve an more readable id than serial number.
.fi

.TP
Improved management driver (linux only)
note: you may need to update to last  bootloader (aeroup was tested with Club_Ball_Poi_V2.3.hex).
you 'll find it on the Aerotech ltd web page.

To use the system management driver, you first need to set the apropriate serial number
in your props with the --setSerial option. (See the address table belowx).
And put the file aeroup.rule to your udev rules directory if it wasn't done during installation.
When you plug your props you should now have a corresponding symlink to your /dev directory.

.nf
==================================================
  Props | Range adress  | id char  | Symlinks  
==================================================
  Ball  | 0.0.98.0/24   | b (0x62) | /dev/Ball#   
  Staff | 0.0.115.0/24  | s (0x73) | /dev/Staff#
  Club  | 0.0.99.0/24   | c (0x63) | /dev/Club#    
  Poi   | 0:0:112:0/24  | p (0x70) | /Poi/Poi#
==================================================
.fi


.TP
.nf
\fB\-P\fR, \fB\-\-thread\fR
Multithread mode, not implemented yet...

.TP
.nf
\fB\-U\fR, \fB\-\-uploadGloc\fR=\fIglocFile\fR,\fIserialPort\fR
not implemented yet...

.TP
.nf
\fB\-v\fR
Verbose mode

.TP
.nf
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help

.TP
.nf
\fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.PP
The last bootloader V2.3 from Aerotech needs to be installed first to use Serial number features.
.br
Each sub options have to be separate with a comma without blank.


.SH EXAMPLES
# Test prop on /dev/ttyACM0
.br
aeroup -t /dev/ttyACM0
.br
# Start props on /dev/ttyACM0 et /dev/tty/ACM1 and test /dev/tty/ACM3
.br
aeroup -o /dev/ttyACM0 -o /dev/ttyACM1 -t /dev/ttyACM3
.br
# Set color to blue and red
.br
aeroup -c O,O,255,/dev/ttyACM0 255,0,0,/dev/ttyACM1
.br
# Upload file.glo to /devttyACMO
.br
aeroup -u /path/to/file.glo,/dev/ttyACM0
.br
# Set serial number 0x7002 to have a prop named Poi2
.br
aeroup -S 0x7002,/dev/ttyACM0
.br
# Verify your serial number is now : 0x7002
.br
aeroup -G /dev/ttyACM0
.br
# Verify your serial name is Poi2
.br
aeroup -k /dev/ttyACM0


.SH SEE ALSO
AeroUp project page : https://git.larueluberlu.net/AeroUp
.br
\#.SH BUGS
\#No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Laurent Barattero (laurent@larueluberlu.net)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © 2013 BARATTERO Laurent
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL  version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This  is  free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.







